mitre_to_microsoft_entra = {
    "T1102": [
        "Enable Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect anomalous identity-based risks.",
        "Use Conditional Access policies to restrict access from suspicious web services.",
        "Monitor sign-in logs and risk detections in Microsoft Entra ID for unusual web service usage."
    ],
    "T1102.001": [
        "Implement Conditional Access risk policies to block access from known dead drop resolvers.",
        "Use Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect and investigate suspicious authentication attempts.",
        "Integrate Microsoft Entra ID logs with SIEM tools for further analysis of web service-based C2 activity."
    ],
    "T1102.002": [
        "Configure Microsoft Entra ID to monitor bidirectional communication patterns with external web services.",
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Identity to detect anomalous authentication requests.",
        "Leverage Microsoft Entra access reviews to audit and remove unnecessary permissions."
    ],
    "T1102.003": [
        "Deploy Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect one-way communication patterns with external services.",
        "Use Conditional Access policies to restrict access to high-risk web services.",
        "Monitor and analyze sign-in logs for unusual outbound authentication requests."
    ],
    "T1047": [
        "Enable Microsoft Entra Privileged Identity Management (PIM) to restrict WMI execution privileges.",
        "Use Conditional Access policies to enforce multi-factor authentication (MFA) for administrative actions.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for unusual WMI-based authentication attempts."
    ],
    "T1220": [
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Endpoint to detect and block XSL script execution.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID sign-in logs for suspicious script-based authentication attempts.",
        "Implement Conditional Access policies to restrict execution of untrusted scripts."
    ],
    "T1078": [
        "Use Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect compromised accounts.",
        "Enforce strong authentication policies using Conditional Access.",
        "Regularly review and remove unused or stale accounts using Microsoft Entra access reviews."
    ],
    "T1557": [
        "Monitor network traffic using Microsoft Defender for Identity to detect adversary-in-the-middle attacks.",
        "Use Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect anomalous sign-in behavior.",
        "Enforce MFA for all privileged accounts to mitigate credential interception risks."
    ],
    "T1021": [
        "Restrict lateral movement by enforcing least privilege access with Microsoft Entra PIM.",
        "Monitor sign-in logs for unusual authentication attempts across multiple systems.",
        "Use Conditional Access policies to limit access to critical resources."
    ],
    "T1136": [
        "Use Microsoft Entra ID Governance to manage and review newly created accounts.",
        "Monitor for unauthorized account creation using Microsoft Entra ID Protection.",
        "Enforce strict access control policies to prevent unauthorized privilege escalation."
    ],
    "T1071": [
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for unusual command and control (C2) traffic patterns.",
        "Use Conditional Access policies to block access to high-risk communication channels.",
        "Integrate Microsoft Entra ID with SIEM tools to detect and investigate suspicious network activity."
    ],
    "T1110": [
        "Enable Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect password spray and brute-force attacks.",
        "Enforce strong password policies and MFA using Conditional Access.",
        "Monitor failed authentication attempts in Microsoft Entra ID logs."
    ],
    "T1484": [
        "Use Microsoft Entra ID Governance to review and manage group membership changes.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for unauthorized modifications to security groups.",
        "Enforce Conditional Access policies to restrict administrative actions."
    ],
    "T1098": [
        "Use Microsoft Entra PIM to enforce just-in-time access for privileged roles.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for unauthorized privilege escalation attempts.",
        "Regularly review and audit privileged role assignments."
    ],
    "T1190": [
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Identity to detect and block exploitation of web-based authentication services.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for unusual authentication requests.",
        "Enforce Conditional Access policies to restrict access to vulnerable applications."
    ],
    "T1203": [
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Endpoint to detect and block exploitation of application vulnerabilities.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for suspicious authentication attempts following an exploit.",
        "Enforce Conditional Access policies to limit access to critical applications."
    ],
    "T1566": [
        "Enable Microsoft Defender for Office 365 to detect and block phishing attempts.",
        "Use Microsoft Entra ID Protection to detect and investigate credential phishing attacks.",
        "Enforce MFA using Conditional Access to mitigate phishing risks."
    ],
    "T1070": [
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for signs of log deletion or tampering.",
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Identity to detect attempts to evade detection.",
        "Enforce strict access controls to prevent unauthorized log modifications."
    ],
    "T1027": [
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Endpoint to detect and block obfuscated malware execution.",
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for unusual authentication attempts linked to obfuscated scripts.",
        "Enforce Conditional Access policies to restrict execution of untrusted code."
    ],
    "T1059": [
        "Monitor Microsoft Entra ID logs for suspicious script execution patterns.",
        "Use Microsoft Defender for Identity to detect and block malicious script execution.",
        "Enforce Conditional Access policies to restrict execution of unauthorized scripts."
    ]
}
